Step number six involves securing your WordPress site, using the command line, the quickest and easiest
way of accomplishing this is to add your new site to the WordPress ownership and permissions script
we created earlier CD You Need to change to your home directory.
A listing will display the WP permissions script.
You can open that file using Nano.
The first five lines referred to the first site we created on the server, in my case WPEC ally dot
com.
All you need to do is repeat the same five lines underneath, changing the domain name where necessary.
So sudo own.
I change WPC Allai to equip death for the following four find commands.
I've changed WPC Allai to web dev.
Once you've done that you can exit neno saving your changes to the permissions script.
I want a wide listing of the VA w w w mac web dev public html directory.
No, just the permissions.
If I look at indexed it is six six four.
Read, write, read, write, read.
I'm still in my home directory to run our permissions script period forward slash followed by the name
of the script.
If I lost the contents of public e-mail after running the stripped naked index, it is six four for
Reed, right, Reed Reed.
You need to change to your var w w w site public underscore html directory.
You need to open the WP hyphen config file using Nenna.
You can scroll to the end of the file.
We need to add the allow direct updating without FPP as well as we need to disable the editing of themes
and plugins using the built in editor.
You can Xanana saving your changes to the WP hyphen conflict peafowl.